# How-to-Fix-Netflix-not-working-in-Roku-
Netflix is an international top content platform which is widely spreading all over the world. Everyone around the world is well known about Netflix and its services. Netflix allows us to watch tv shows, movies and series without any commercial cable. Netflix has its own series which is very entertaining and interesting. Also its getting very famous into today’s culture. When Roku is launched in the year 2002, Netflix was the only channel and service which is offered by Roku. Netflix is the first streaming channel in Roku. Re Login Neflix in RokuFirstly, open your Neflix app in your Roku Tv.In your Netflix app, you’ll notice in the top there are can be multiple accounts shown for the family first.In order to switch, just go to the Netflix settings .Into the Netflix settings, below you’ll find the option- Signout Netflix. Click on the option and you’ll be exit from Nextflix (sign-out Netflix is important as it will take you to the same user account only).After the above steps done and you’ll go back to the Netflix again then it will ask you to sign-in to your account.Just sign in to your Netflix account in Roku with login ID and Password.Try to use Netflix in Roku again and see if the issue is resolved or not.Contact Roku Customer Support to fix netflix not working in RokuIf in case you are not able to fix this issue on your own then there is always an option to take professional help. You can take help from Roku professionals, they believes in helping out the customers in any situation with the best solution possible. Customers can contact the technical support via email, chat service or through the call. You can reach them on their 24/7 toll free number at 1(844)-980-4031 or visit them on https://microsystemsupport.us/roku-technical-support-phone-number/ Get Full Resolution -https://microsystemsupport.us/how-to-fix-netflix-not-working-on-roku/
